[Music]
with only three tablespoons a day you
will lose belly fat
if you start typing how-to in your
Google search bar how to lose belly fat
will be one of the top suggestions
Google knows at least four million two
hundred and seventy thousand answers to
this question
if belly fat is something you want to
say goodbye to you have probably tried
many of the suggested ways to do it
morning runs daily workouts at the gym
okay maybe it's more like three times a
week
cardio checked dieting and carrying
plastic containers with you filled with
lettuce kale and broccoli to eat healthy
every three hours checked no food before
bed or was it after 6:00
yes hunger fighting tricks like drinking
gallons of water and extensively using
olive oil been there done that if none
of the above seems to be helpful in your
fight against belly fat we have
something else just for you bright side
has found a two ingredient recipe of a
drink which will help you lose belly fat
with only 3 tablespoons a day sounds
intriguing
then give this video thumbs up and get
ready to find out the secret we all want
to know first off let us try to
understand why so many people are
willing to spend their time and money to
get rid of belly fat 2017 statistics
data from the US Department of Health
and Human Services shows that 91% of
women in the US are unhappy with their
bodies and choose to diet over half of
college aged girls feel pressured to get
to a certain weight limit finally and
this is pretty shocking 42% of girls in
first through third grade believe they
have extra weight and want to lose it
are you one of those people that believe
they have extra weight to lose it is
okay to admit it click thumbs up to let
us know and what makes them or better
say us see extra weight as our worst
enemy in many cases media is the answer
slim people smile at us from the TV
screen and magazines as they manage to
work harder be successful and strong and
popular being fat is often seen as being
lazy unsuccessful and having not enough
willpower these stereotypes are so
strong in some people they make others
around them believe the same thing
however it is not only a matter of
perception or fashion it is also a
matter of health if you have many extra
pounds you are more likely to develop a
whole lot of health problems not only
physiological but also psychological and
reproductive for instance more serious
health conditions the extra weight can
cause our heart disease stroke diabetes
and certain types of cancer for those
who are concerned with their looks and
for those who are concerned with their
help we are happy to offer a solution
with three tablespoons a day of this
drink you are going to lose belly fat
and lower your cholesterol level so the
first ingredient in our drink will be
garlic yes that stinking rose we add to
our food to spice it up and use to chase
off colds and vampires it has been
believed to have medical properties for
thousands of years the very famous
ancient Greek physician Hippocrates used
to describe garlic as treatment of many
medical conditions
what can garlic help you with well with
a variety of things garlic is very rich
in antioxidants which are important for
our good health and can help prevent
Alzheimer's disease and dementia and
lower the risk of heart disease and also
fight acne garlic can combat common cold
improve your bone health and make your
hair thicker when used as a hair mask
garlic is very nutritious but has very
few calories in it today it comes in
many forms from whole cloves to powders
and pastes and garlic extract and oil
how much of it do you need for
therapeutic effects at least one clove
with meals two or three times a day
[Music]
the second ingredient in our drink is
said to have originated from the
Caucasus and Iran around 6000 BC it is
made out of grapes and something many
dinner parties wouldn't go without yes
we are talking about red wine whoever
told you alcohol was super bad for your
health
he was not a 100% right when taken in
moderate amounts about three glasses a
week red wine can actually do you good
like garlic it can help you lower your
cholesterol which is important to
protect your heart it also fights off
cold and helps protect your skin from
the effects of UV the skin of red grapes
is a natural source of resveratrol and
can help control your blood sugar boost
your brain and memory and even slow the
aging process and prolong your life oh
and it reduces the risk of developing
depression again it will only work if
you take it in moderate amounts both
ingredients in our secret drink can help
you control your cholesterol level why
does it matter when the level of
cholesterol in your body rises so does
the risk to your health
cholesterol circulates in your blood and
comes from two sources your body itself
or the liver to be more precise makes
the right amount of cholesterol for you
the rest you get with your food meat
poultry and full fat dairy products have
cholesterol in them as well as trans fat
because of these fats in your body your
liver has to make more cholesterol than
you need high cholesterol gives you a
higher risk of coronary heart disease
heart attacks and stroke the risk will
get higher if you have other risk
factors like smoking high blood pressure
and diabetes the good news is you can
control your cholesterol levels
[Music]
so if both garlic and red wine are so
amazing by themselves what will happen
if you put them together you will get a
super powerful drink which can help you
lose belly fat and lower your
cholesterol levels it will clean your
blood boost your immune system
accelerate metabolism and help you burn
fat at a dream speed you are going to
need 12 garlic cloves and 16 fluid
ounces of red wine all you have to do is
peel and finely cut the cloves then put
them in a glass jar and pour the wine in
close the jar and leave it in the Sun
for two weeks as you wait patiently for
two weeks
occasionally shake the jar when the time
is out strain the mix and pour the wine
in a dark glass bottle voila your
magical drink is ready take a tablespoon
of the remedy three times a day for one
month repeat this whole process after
six months and enjoy the amazing effect
it has on you by the way if you don't
like or can't take alcohol try adding
water to the mix instead of wine your
body will say thank you and your friends
will ask you to share your new diet plan
or workout routine as they will want the
same result do you have your own secret
easy recipe to lose belly fat feel free
to share them in the comments and don't
forget to share about what effect this
drink has had on you if you found this
video interesting and useful give it a
like we are going to share more easy to
make fat fighting recipes if this video
gets 50,000 likes subscribe to our
channel not to miss it be on the bright
side